GETTING STARTED

This is the basic application template that can be used as a starting point
for your own app. Just make a copy of this and rename it.

Once that is done you can rename the template.asm file to match your application
or anything that you might want. You just need to change the TARGET in the
makefile to match. This is also a useful way to build multiple targets in the
same directory if, for example, you want to build with both avra and avrasm2 or just to have a handy backup.

The TARGET.asm file has a couple things that may need to be changed. The first
is the MCU clock speed and defaults to this 8MHz setting:

; amforth needs two essential parameters: CPU clock
; and command terminal line.
; cpu clock in hertz, 1MHz is factory default
.equ F_CPU = 8000000

The other is the BAUD for the serial connection. Make sure this matches your
serial terminal setting that you use to connect to the MCU. Most likely you
will just need to remove the semicolon in the .set BAUD line and change it to
match what you are using. I've used 19200 reliably for some time.

; serial line settings. The defaults are set in avr8/preamble.inc.
; You should not change that file but use your own settings *here*
; since it may get changed in future versions of amforth.
;.set BAUD=38400
;.set BAUD_MAXERROR=10
;.set WANT_ISR_RX = 1 ; interrupt driven receive
;.set WANT_ISR_TX = 0 ; send slowly but with less code space

There are a good deal of settings in that file that can deal with pretty much
anything for a successful build.

In the makefile there are a number of things to set depending on if you are
using linux or windows, if you want to use avra or avrasm2, your fuse setting
etc. It is pretty well documented so it should be easy to figure out what to
fill in.

Once everything is set just do 'make' to build your project and/or avra. As
noted in the makefile after the first build removing the 'yes' from USING_AVRA
and leaving USING_AVRASM blank will still use avra as the assembler. It just
won't build or clean avra anymore. Maybe another .PHONY target to build avra
will show up for clarity.

The build.xml file is for ant(elope) and may be removed in the future since I
don't use ant nor know if it is even still working correctly.
